{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs24 LOCKHART/GARDNER LLP\par
PARTNERS' MEETING MINUTES\par
CONFIDENTIAL - ATTORNEY WORK PRODUCT\par
\par
Date: February 1, 2025\par
Time: 8:00 AM - 10:30 AM\par
Location: Conference Room A, 27th Floor\par
\par
ATTENDEES:\par
Diane Lockhart (Managing Partner)\par
Will Gardner (Senior Partner)\par
David Lee (Corporate Partner)\par
Julius Cain (Litigation Partner)\par
Eli Gold (Of Counsel)\par
\par
AGENDA ITEMS:\par
\par
1. FINANCIAL REVIEW - Q4 2024\par
\par
David Lee reported firm revenue of $47.3M for Q4 2024, representing 12% growth over Q4 2023. Notable highlights:\par
\par
- Litigation division: $28.7M (60% of total revenue)\par
- Corporate transactions: $12.1M (26% of total revenue)  \par
- Regulatory compliance: $4.2M (9% of total revenue)\par
- Other services: $2.3M (5% of total revenue)\par
\par
Outstanding receivables total $8.9M, with 15% over 90 days. Collection efforts ongoing for major accounts including Florrick Campaign Committee ($1.2M).\par
\par
MOTION: Approve engagement of collection agency for accounts over 120 days.\par
RESULT: Passed 4-1 (Lee abstaining)\par
\par
2. PARTNERSHIP COMPENSATION REVIEW\par
\par
Diane Lockhart presented revised partnership compensation structure:\par
\par
Tier 1 Partners (Lockhart, Gardner): $2.1M annually\par
Tier 2 Partners (Lee, Cain): $1.4M annually\par
Tier 3 Partners (new partners): $800K annually\par
\par
Compensation includes base salary plus percentage of originated business. Performance bonuses available for exceptional results.\par
\par
Discussion regarding Julius Cain's request for Tier 1 status. Decision deferred pending review of business development activities.\par
\par
3. NEW CLIENT CONFLICTS\par
\par
Will Gardner reported potential conflict regarding pharmaceutical client representation. Alicia Florrick's husband's campaign received donations from competing pharmaceutical companies.\par
\par
RESOLUTION: Implement Chinese Wall procedures. Alicia Florrick to be excluded from pharmaceutical matters. Ethics opinion obtained from bar association.\par
\par
4. OFFICE SPACE EXPANSION\par
\par
Lease negotiations ongoing for additional 5,000 sq ft on 26th floor. Estimated cost $480K annually. Space needed for anticipated growth in associate headcount.\par
\par
MOTION: Authorize Managing Partner to execute lease agreement up to $500K annually.\par
RESULT: Passed unanimously\par
\par
5. TECHNOLOGY UPGRADES\par
\par
IT department requesting $125K for cybersecurity improvements following recent ransomware attacks on competing firms.\par
\par
Upgrades include:\par
- Enhanced firewall systems\par
- Multi-factor authentication\par
- Encrypted document storage\par
- Employee cybersecurity training\par
\par
MOTION: Approve cybersecurity budget of $125K.\par
RESULT: Passed unanimously\par
\par
6. ASSOCIATE PERFORMANCE REVIEWS\par
\par
Year-end reviews completed for 23 associates. Summary:\par
- 3 associates recommended for partnership track\par
- 2 associates placed on performance improvement plans\par
- 1 associate terminated for billable hour deficiencies\par
\par
Cary Agos and Alicia Florrick noted as top performers with partnership potential.\par
\par
7. BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT INITIATIVES\par
\par
Eli Gold reported on political law practice expansion. Potential clients include:\par
- State Democratic Party ($500K retainer)\par
- Union coalition ($300K annual)\par
- Advocacy organizations ($200K combined)\par
\par
Ethics clearance required for political representations given firm's other governmental clients.\par
\par
8. INSURANCE AND RISK MANAGEMENT\par
\par
Professional liability insurance renewal due March 1. Premium increase of 18% due to increased litigation climate. Current coverage $20M per occurrence, $40M aggregate.\par
\par
MOTION: Renew professional liability insurance at increased premium.\par
RESULT: Passed unanimously\par
\par
9. PRO BONO COMMITMENTS\par
\par
Firm target of 50 hours per attorney annually. Current average 34 hours. Discussion of mandatory vs. voluntary pro bono service.\par
\par
Julius Cain advocating for criminal defense pro bono work. Diane Lockhart prefers civil rights matters.\par
\par
DECISION: Each partner to select pro bono focus area. Associates assigned based on partner preferences.\par
\par
10. CONFIDENTIAL MATTER - EXECUTIVE SESSION\par
\par
[Eli Gold and staff excluded from discussion]\par
\par
Discussion of potential merger discussions with competing firm. Preliminary valuation indicates firm worth $85-95M. Due diligence process would take 6-8 months.\par
\par
Concerns raised about cultural fit and client retention during merger process.\par
\par
DECISION: Authorize Managing Partner to continue preliminary discussions. Full partnership vote required before proceeding to due diligence.\par
\par
ACTION ITEMS:\par
\par
1. David Lee - Implement collection agency engagement (Due: Feb 15)\par
2. Will Gardner - Finalize lease negotiations (Due: Feb 28)\par
3. Diane Lockhart - Schedule IT security implementation (Due: Mar 1)\par
4. Julius Cain - Develop pro bono program guidelines (Due: Mar 15)\par
5. All Partners - Submit business development plans (Due: Mar 1)\par
\par
NEXT MEETING: March 1, 2025, 8:00 AM\par
\par
Meeting adjourned at 10:30 AM.\par
\par
Secretary: Margaret Chen, Executive Assistant\par
\par
CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE:\par
These minutes contain confidential attorney work product and privileged communications. Distribution limited to firm partners only.\par
}